all right this is a video on how to make
a Baja mini bike go faster first let's
start out with the tools that we're
going to need is right here I have a
small true driver and these are the
wrenches that come with it you're going
to need a couple of those and then just
a larger screwdriver and I also have
something I might need a price up mouth
later you can use a smaller flat head
screwdriver or you just pull it off with
some pliers so let's get to it all right
now that I have the bike out let me
start out by saying that obviously
anything you do to you know increase the
horsepower in your engine or anything
like that it's going to reduce the life
of your engine but we're not going to do
anything too drastic today and it really
won't do too much but doing at your own
risk
I'm just going to say that so you don't
get mad at me but really nothing should
happen alright um you can see this is
the right side of the engine and we want
to start off by taking off this cover
right here which where your um air
filter and carburetor is so just find
your wrench that came with it and begin
to take it off and I'm going right okay
it's early sorry about that
now you don't really want to lose these
nuts I did lose a nut not one out here I
I was taking the throttle assembly off
because my wire came loose and I dropped
a nut down into the engine somewhere no
thankfully that had come back to haunt
me as far as the engine goes but um I
did have to go and find another nut in
our shop and thankfully you know my dad
has a bunch of nuts and things I was
able to find one
but they really made these things kind
of a booger to get off with a standard
ranch like they gave you because it's
the plastics in the way but let me get
that nut so just take off these nuts and
then this thing should come just slide
it straight off okay just like that now
you want to make sure that your gasket
stays on right here you see that gasket
we sit down second point the gas that's
going to be right here sitting on has
two holes with the bolts the nuts go
through and then you have another gasket
right here and you don't want to lose
these so and they're going to be a
little on depending on how old your bike
is or they're going to be a little they
might be brittle and is really might
want to try to replace it but they can
break easily because a really thin it's
just little rubber things all right
now the main reason I had to take that
office so you could see better now the
first thing that we're going to do is
mess with the throttle stop which is
right here and let me try to lean back
here so you kind of get the big picture
it's just uh this on the whole assembly
right to left your gas tank to screw
right here now you want to just mine's
already out but just take it out until
you can't see the back but if you stood
up while doing this you can see the back
of it you want to take it out until you
have about a millimeter on the back so
it doesn't pull out and then what that
allows you to do is for your throttle to
go all the way instead of it stopping it
so that will help and it's really simple
to do now the next thing is a little
more complicated you just want to take
this spring right here and you don't
want to break the spring I haven't and
it doesn't seem to be too flimsy but
it's a really thin spring you're sorry
you can't see dry it under the start
alarm right here throttle arm
Springs right under it and you just want
to take your finger on each side I can
only do one thing because I'm holding
the camera the finger here and a finger
here and pull in opposite ways and just
a stretch that spring out a little bit
and that'll help you out and then the
last thing you want to do is down here
I'm an eternal night shot maybe you can
see it a little better trying to get the
camera in here anyways it's right here
and let me zoom in so you can see a
little better this is a plastic cap and
then right behind its of spring and then
right under the cap is a screw you want
to take this cap off okay with pry it
off and then turn the screw umm 1/2
rotation to the left and what that do
does is um it'll just your air fuel
mixture and more fuel boyer means more
power so after you do that you put the
cap back on and ready to go I haven't
adjusted it more than 1/2 turn but um
you can play around with that and what
it does is when you accelerate after you
accelerate like a big big acceleration
it might pop a little your engine like
the muffler but that's just because it's
extra fuel but after you do that you
should have a good 5 to 10 extra miles
an hour and you'll you'll definitely see
the horsepower especially this throttle
stop because that just limits it so and
if you don't really want to do this well
for stretch your spring just the
throttle stop right there I'll give you
a lot of extra room to work with so
another thing you can do is I wouldn't
do this if you're going in muddy areas
or sandy areas or anything we could
really take a toll your air filter but
if you're wanting some quick power just
take this box off the top with that
little wingnut right there
and it'll just have the air filter
I mean you can do that home have to do
that and then just put it back on
without the box which you know obviously
now give you some power so you know
that's about it if you have any
questions just comment on the video or
message me I appreciate it thanks for
watching rate and subscribe